Test instance signup change (#6825)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/technical-success/support/tools/index.md

#### External DNS Sourcegraph Instances

- [Test instance deployed with Docker Compose](https://cse-aws-test.sgdev.org/) ([_management doc_](../process/managing-cs-aws.md))
- [Test instance deployed with Kubernetes](https://cse-k8s.sgdev.org/) ([_management doc_](../process/managing-cs-k8s.md))

> > Note: For the above test instances make sure to signup for a test instance via the built-in auth method. Ask a member of the team to create a sighn up link for you. OAuth signup is subject to change during testing.

Author: ```suggestion
> Note: For the above test instances Oauth based sign-in methods may be subject to change during testing. If you've signed up for an account via Oauth make sure to create a password for use with the builtin sign-in method. You can accomplish this under your user settings at _https://cse-aws-test.sgdev.org/users/<your username>/settings/security_.
```
